---
title: "7 best Chrome Extensions"
excerpt: "C"
coverImage: "/assets/blog/hello-world/Extensions.jpeg"
date: "2020-04-16T05:35:07.322Z"
author:
  name: Tim Neutkens
  picture: "/assets/blog/authors/tim.jpeg"
ogImage:
  url: "/assets/blog/hello-world/Extensions.jpeg"
---
## Intro

In the ever-changing landscape of the internet there is one thing that makes Chromium a unique browser engine; extensions. People use them constantly. The most handy extensions include ad-blockers, VPNs, AI detectors and extensions for customization.

Once you master the very fine and delicate art of picking the extensions that are right for you. I hope this article helps you get hold of a couple of extensions you should definitely get your hands on. Have fun reading :)

## Adblock Plus

This is an overall great Adblock extension that helps you navigate the web without needing to deal with annoying pop-ups on websites and just generally any annoying ads. It also allows non-intrusive ads that meet their strict criteria so that you still will see ads if you want to.

Personally, I use the extension all the time, and where it really helps is YouTube because recently YouTube advertising has been getting out of control so I'm glad that there are ad-blockers capable of blocking YouTube ads, there are still some issues though, but the developers are constantly improving it.

## SEO analysis and Reviews by Woorank

This extension is an on-page SEO reviewing extension as it analyses every element on a webpage to create a map of what a website does well, does badly or doesn't do at all. You can then see all SEO ranking factors in the pop-up the extension gives you and comes in very handy when you have your own website and want to bump up your SEO ranking.

Many advanced features are locked behind a premium paywall, but the information the extension gives for free should be enough for most people.

## WebChatGPT

Introducing a new paradigm in online communication, the "WebChatGPT" extension harnesses the power of OpenAI's language model to transform everyday chat experiences. It can use its web crawler to crawl the web and give users real-time results and not limit them to what was before September 2021. It is a very versatile tool and has quick handy shortcuts, for example writing articles, drafting emails and scripting videos.

## Hive AI Detector

Hive AI detector is a great extension to see if something was generated by AI or not. It is very accurate and has never given me any false results. It is a simple icon on the bottom of the page where you put in the text you want to check and then get the results in a second or two.

It is very reliable and can detect text generated by chatGPT even if you specifically ask it to be undetectable or use a prompt generator.

## Giphy

Giphy is an extension that allows you to insert GIFs anywhere you write with a special pop-up. It brings the vast and entertaining world of GIFs right to your fingertips. It intuitive way to discover, select, and insert beautiful GIFs directly into your conversations, emails, or social media posts. With a user-friendly pop-up interface, users can effortlessly search through an extensive library of GIFs, ensuring that every message you want to deliver is not just delivered beautifully, but animated with the perfect visuals that it needs.

The Giphy extension transcends the limitations of static text, enabling users to communicate with not only text but also humorous pictures and personality.

## Custom Cursor

The Custom Cursor extension is a great extension to create a sense of personality in your browser by getting rid of the standard cursor and replacing it with something much more fun and exciting from their library of many thousands of cursor packs that you can install with a single click.

There are many packs to choose from and can fit any taste, do you want a Star-Wars-themed cursor, no problem. Do you want something more cyberpunk and flashy, you will find it too. Overall it is a great extension that will help you customize your cursor if you're not satisfied with the default one.

## Return Youtube Dislike

The Return YouTube Dislike extension, as its name already says returns the dislike count on YouTube videos for full transparency since its removal in early November of 2021. This has two sides to it, on one hand, it is more transparent and more clear to people what they are watching, on the other, people can potentially be influenced by the decisions of the masses and not express their personal opinion.

It is a handy extension to have and also the type of extension that you can install and then forget about since it rarely is updated as there is no need to do so.

## Conclusion

As you've read in this article, you will now know how to streamline your workflow and have the maximum output in minimal time. I hope these extensions will help you become more productive and maximize your creative output.